RHDEVDOCS-4068 - Logging 5.5 Release Notes (#48111)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.5.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//cluster-logging-release-notes
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-5-0"]
= Logging 5.5

> The following advisories are available for logging 5.5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following advisories are available for Logging 5.5:
```

link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:[Release 5.5]

[id="openshift-logging-5-5-0-enhancements"]
== Enhancements

> * With this update, you can forward structured logs from different containers within the same pod to different indices. To use this feature, you must configure the pipeline with multi-container support, and annotate the pods. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1296[LOG-1296])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can forward structured logs from different containers within the same pod to different indices. To use this feature, you must configure the pipeline with multi-container support and annotate the pods. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1296[LOG-1296])
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> JSON formatting of logs varies by application. This feature should be used sparingly to create indices to separate logs with incompatible JSON formats, as creating too many indices will impact performance. To separate logs from different namespaces, or applications with compatible JSON formats, use queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON formatting of logs varies by application. Because creating too many indices impacts performance, limit your use of this feature to creating indices for logs that have incompatible JSON formats. Use queries to separate logs from different namespaces, or applications with compatible JSON formats.
```

====

> * With this update, you can filter logs with Elasticsearch outputs using the Kubernetes common labels `app.kubernetes.io/component`,`app.kubernetes.io/managed-by`,`app.kubernetes.io/part-of`, and `app.kubernetes.io/version`. Non-Elasticsearch output types can use all labels included in `kubernetes.labels`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2388[LOG-2388])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can filter logs with Elasticsearch outputs by using the Kubernetes common labels, `app.kubernetes.io/component`, `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by`, `app.kubernetes.io/part-of`, and `app.kubernetes.io/version`. Non-Elasticsearch output types can use all labels included in `kubernetes.labels`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2388[LOG-2388])
```

[id="openshift-logging-5-5-0-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes
* Before this update, clusters configured to forward logs to Amazon CloudWatch wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for all storage options has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2746[LOG-2746])

> * Before this update the metrics server for the collector attempted to bind to the address using a value exposed by an environment value. This change modifies the configuration to bind to any available interface. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2675[LOG-2675])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the metrics server for the collector attempted to bind to the address using a value exposed by an environment value. This update modifies the configuration to bind to any available interface. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2675[LOG-2675])
```

> * Before this update, the Operator was using versions of some APIs which are pending removal in future versions of {product-title}. This change moves dependencies to the supported API versions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2656[LOG-2656])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the Operator was using versions of some APIs that are deprecated and planned for removal in future versions of {product-title}. This update moves dependencies to the supported API versions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2656[LOG-2656])
```

> * Before this update, multiple `ClusterLogForwarder` pipelines configured for multiline error detection would cause the collector to go into a `crashloopbackoff` error state.  This changes fixes the issue where multiple configuration sections had the same unique id. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2241[LOG-2241])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, multiple `ClusterLogForwarder` pipelines configured for multiline error detection caused the collector to go into a `crashloopbackoff` error state. This update fixes the issue where multiple configuration sections had the same unique ID. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2241[LOG-2241])
```

> * Before this update, the collector could not save non UTF-8 symbols to the Elasticsearch storage logs. With this update the collector encodes non UTF-8 symbols, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2203[LOG-2203])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the collector did not save non-UTF-8 symbols to the Elasticsearch storage logs. With this update, the collector encodes non-UTF-8 symbols, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2203[LOG-2203])
```

> * Before this update, non latin characters displayed incorrectly in Kibana. With this update Kibana displays all valid UTF-8 symbols correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2784[LOG-2784])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, non-latin characters displayed incorrectly in Kibana. With this update, Kibana displays all valid UTF-8 symbols correctly. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2784[LOG-2784])
```

====

* With this update, you can filter logs with Elasticsearch outputs by using the Kubernetes common labels, `app.kubernetes.io/component`, `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by`, `app.kubernetes.io/part-of`, and `app.kubernetes.io/version`. Non-Elasticsearch output types can use all labels included in `kubernetes.labels`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2388[LOG-2388])

[id="openshift-logging-5-5-0-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes
* Before this update, clusters configured to forward logs to Amazon CloudWatch wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for all storage options has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2746[LOG-2746])

* Before this update, the Operator was using versions of some APIs that are deprecated and planned for removal in future versions of {product-title}. This update moves dependencies to the supported API versions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2656[LOG-2656])

> Before this update, the Operator was using versions of some APIs that are deprecated and planned for removal in future versions of {product-title}. This update moves dependencies to the supported API versions. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2656[LOG-2656])

Reviewer 2: This is a duplicate of the prior bullet

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//cluster-logging-release-notes
[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-5-0"]
= Logging 5.5
The following advisories are available for logging 5.5:
link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:[Release 5.5]

[id="openshift-logging-5-5-0-enhancements"]
== Enhancements
* With this update, you can forward structured logs from different containers within the same pod to different indices. To use this feature, you must configure the pipeline with multi-container support, and annotate the pods. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1296[LOG-1296])

[IMPORTANT]
====
JSON formatting of logs varies by application. This feature should be used sparingly to create indices to separate logs with incompatible JSON formats, as creating too many indices will impact performance. To separate logs from different namespaces, or applications with compatible JSON formats, use queries.
====

> * With this update, you can filter logs with Elasticsearch outputs using the Kubernetes common labels `app_kubernetes_io/component`,`app_kubernetes_io/managed-by`,`app_kubernetes_io/part-of`, and `app_kubernetes_io/version`. Non-Elasticsearch output types can use all labels included in `kubernetes.labels`. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2388[LOG-2388])

Reviewer 2: We modified to remove the underscores.  You can replace them with dots

[id="openshift-logging-5-5-0-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes

> * Before this update, clusters configured to forward logs to Amazon CloudWatch wrote rejected log files to temporary storage, causing cluster instability over time. With this update, chunk backup for CloudWatch has been disabled, resolving the issue. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-2746[LOG-2746])

Reviewer 2: This was updated to disable chunk backup for any storage
